After waiting for a year, Avengers: Endgame hit the theatres and shattered a number of box office records worldwide. But, was it really so perfectly great? No.

Good : The first thing I loved about this movie was that it was the most character driven film in the MCU till date. In particular, Hawkeye and Black Widow got the most of character shine. And, it didn't have much of Captain Marvel. As someone who feels awkward when she comes on screen, it was a good thing. It did a great job of serving the fans. So many crowd pleasing moments! I was literally jumping and whistling when I was watching this film, literally. The third act is full of those moments. Those moments do come along with really good character background, a story and excitement. All of these do not make complete sense, but at least they weren't blant. And, many parts are quite nostalgic. It has tried it's best to give every character a proper arc. Performances are incredible. I didn't even hate Don Cheadle in this movie. On the whole, it was insanely entertaining and has ridiculous amount of great moments to say the least.

Mixed : It's not a spoiler to say it's a time travel film. While this plot device served a lot to give us a lot of crowd pleasing moments, each of which I really loved, the whole time travel part could've been even more epic and exciting than it was. There were parts in Infinity War where it jumped from plotline to plotline. This one does the same, but it looked more choppy here. Not necessarily a bad thing, a movie of this scale would have such problems. But it was a bit more distracting than before. I admit I liked many arcs given to the characters. But, they were still a bit illogical, in particular that of Steve Rogers. Many things were entertaining as hell, but still quite paradoxical.

Bad : It's a time travel movie. It generates a lot many plot holes and inconsistencies. It uses time travel as an excuse for getting certain things done. It has the most generic issues of a non sci-fi time travel movie. The timeline surely is messed up now. I don't know how the time travel in this universe works and how certain things were amended due to all of these time travelling stuffs. May be I will never know. And Thanos. He was treated more like a mustache twirling villain, rather than how he was in Infinity War. The way his character ended was the most disappointing part of the movie. It feels as if it tries to be as big as Infinity War while it clearly isn't.

Conclusion : You can and must watch this film. It's a film by the Russo Brothers, you can definitely count on them for an entertaining film, but this is perhaps their weakest film in the MCU. It isn't well paced as Infinity War is, but still gives all the moments you can wish for. Infinity War is a whole lot better than this film, but is still a worth watching flick. If you stop thinking about the inconsistencies time travel creates in this film, this will be a much better experience.
