But its a pretty good film. A bit of a mess in some parts, lacking the cohesive and effortless feel infinity war somehow managed to accomplish. Some silly plot holes and characters that could've been cut (Ahem, captain marvel and thanos). The use of Captain marvel in this film was just ridiculous. Shes there at the start, bails for some reason? And then pops up at the end to serve no purpose but deux ex machina a space ship...

The past thanos part wasn't necessary when you think about it, they could've done this film without a real 'villain' And it would've worked and been a original take on a super hero film without using the same formula we have seen in 10+ super hero films already. The entire final battle felt like a rehashed messy battle, with a bunch more characters against thanos - basically mixing the space battle from infinity war; iron man, spider man etc and the final battle of infinity war with captain america, thor etc.. mashing those two into one within this new film. The scenes of trying to pull the gauntlet off his hand.. it all felt like a rehash.

To me the best part of the film was the first act and half of the second, when everyone is lost and trying to figure out how to continue on. really interesting themes that followed the pay off from infinity wars ending. And then the time heist part. Tho the heist part should've been much more stretched out. With only small parts of thanos within that, and not having him be the big bad again. But just a side character that gets in the way a little bit.

And the setting up for 'new avengers' to replace the beloved actors and characters we have come to associate with these films.. they do not get me at all excited for the next phase in marvel films. Falcon, Valkyrie, blackpanther, cap marvel? I just dont care about them at all. And their actors lack any charisma or depth.

To me this feels like a closing of marvel films that I'll really enjoy for my pop corn fix. I've given infinity war a 10/10 and some of the stand alone films 8's and 9's. But I have a sinking feeling this will not be happening in the future except the guardians of the galaxy films.

It seems i maybe in the minority for my feelings towards this film, but im not sugar coating my opinion like it seems a few people are doing due to nostalgia. Its good, but not great. Had the opportunity to be better, maybe? And the setting up of new characters to come possible reflects on my score to... Because i just don't give two cents about any of them
