There's absolutely no pay off to be had plot wise here. Nothing to see here people. Fast forward through to the last hour and you're good. You will have missed nothing.

This movie was either way too long or just nowhere near long enough. This was supposed to be a part II of conclusion that wraps up an entire universe of characters spanning 20 movies and they couldn't be arsed to give us a third act?

Unfortunately, they titled the movie Avengers: Endgame, and making a sequel to that would be nearly as bad as having a movie titled Rambo: First Blood Part II. What would they have called a third movie? Avengers: The Really Real End Time, Place, Realm. (No, we honestly mean it this time.)

Sadly, the first hour or so of the movie is Ant Man trying to save a tacked on, marketing driven first act that pays off in no way. Meanwhile, also tied to marketing, some major plot holes and omissions were completely egregious.

A large portion of the principle photography for this movie was done alongside side Infinity Wars itself, which would've made sense if they'd had a coherent story line by then.

Leave it to the screenwriters, they'll make something of it. Leave it to the editors, they'll fix it in post. Well, somebody forgot to fix it. And it wasn't me. Fortunately, marketing fixes everything.

Let's face it, there are two kinds of people in this world: those who for a final movie who are just going to love it no matter what, those who view the movie with the same critical eye they would the others, and those who decide that there can only be two types of people.

Why are there always two kinds of people? Look at Loki! Now that's an interesting character. He can be good; he can be bad. He's fiendish and lovable. He's a hero and a villain and an anti-hero and-still, somehow-human, god, and ice thing.

Honestly, Infinity Wars couldn't have come at a worse time. It was originally a much larger unification of Marvel heroes and villains, and now that Disney owns all of the other Marvel Universe crap, that movie could've been the Infinity Wars, with a plot that started to wrap up before the last movie.

Ah well, maybe in 20 years they'll redo the whole thing again with the X-Men and Silver Surfer in it (take or leave the Fan-4. This is super likely.

I heard Spider Man: Far From Home was really really good, but I have no desire to see it. Why? Because it sounds to me like Spider Man visits France for Holiday and Meets some Good Guys and some Bad Guys and forces you to watch the credits so you can see 30 seconds that tease you into watching the next movie that's just going to do the same thing.
