Where was The Living Tribunal? What A Disaster Movie.

Endgame is the highest grossing film ever worldwide and the 5th highest worldwide when adjusted for inflation. But it was complete Garbage. It is not part of the 23 MOVIES anymore.

After a year of waiting since that Epic Piece that was Infinity War, this is the Endgame that Dr. Strange was on about? What A Disaster, It was a complete shambles. They had perfect vision when they made Infinity War but it is like they lost the Power when making this silly borefest.

Problems with this movie:

° Where was The Living Tribunal? The Being was ment to Bring the Characters Back and Judge Thanos. Not this Time Travel Garbage.

° What happened to Captain Marvel? A whole origin movie for her, for the build up to this and that's what they produce? Is this a Joke?

° How can you destroy the Infinity Stones when each of them contain an Element of Existence itself?

° How Can You Put the Soul Stone back?

° How can Gamora come back from the dead but Black Widow Can't?

° Why is Hulk a Big Joke? Isn't he the Strongest?

° This Thanos doesn't know any of the people he is fighting.

° The Time Travel fix everything nonsense, do they not get it? It is just too easy and boring.

° The movie is way too long and boring.

° Thor was a complete Joke

° No Epic Battle between Hulk and Thanos that EVERYONE was waiting for.

° No Proper battle between Captain Marvel and Thanos that was built up to happen.

° The Final battle was Lacklustre

The Highlights were:

° Great Quotes from Thanos

° Captains America vs Thanos was Great

° The 'I Am Inevitable' Snap from Thanos was Really Great

This Movie was terrible, what the hell were they thinking?

The Endgame should have started out by Thanos Seeking to Make another Infinity Gauntlet for the purpose of defence, then using the Reality and Time Stones to recover his army. Begin Fortifying his Defenses on a different Planet with his army defending him and getting ready for the Avengers final assault on him now that they have recruited Captain Marvel.

The Living Tribunal Should of Judged Thanos and Brought the Characters back in this Movie.

OH Boy, they blew it. What a missed Opportunity. 
